specify the result of identity conversions for tuples and dynamic (#821)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/expressions.md

If `ref` is present:

- An identity conversion must exist between the types of the two *variable_reference*s, and type of the result can be either type. If either type is `dynamic`, type inference prefers `dynamic` ([§8.7](types.md#87-the-dynamic-type)). If either type is a tuple type (§8.3.11), type inference includes the element names when the element names in the same ordinal position match in both tuples.
- The result is a variable reference, which is writeable if both *variable_reference*s  are writeable.

> *Note:* When `ref` is present, the *conditional_expression* returns a variable reference, which can be assigned to a reference variable using the `= ref` operator or passed as a reference/input/output parameter. *end note*

If `ref` is not present, the second and third operands, `x` and `y`, of the `?:` operator control the type of the conditional expression:

- If `x` has type `X` and `y` has type `Y` then,

>   - If an identity conversion exists between `X` and `Y`, then the result can be either type. If either type is `dynamic`, type inference prefers `dynamic` ([§8.7](types.md#87-the-dynamic-type)). If either type is a tuple type (§8.3.11), type inference includes the element names when the element names in the same ordinal position match in both tuples.

Author: This needs to be updated to perform recursive "best common type" on each member of tuple type or a constructed type. It may be that best common type already supports this for tuples and constructed types and could be referenced.

Author: Notes on what needs to change here:

Line 4734 needs to change as follows:

```suggestion
  - If an identity conversion exists between `X` and `Y`, then the result is the best common type of a set of expressions (§12.6.3.15).  If either type is `dynamic`, type inference prefers `dynamic` ([§8.7](types.md#87-the-dynamic-type)). If either type is a tuple type (§8.3.11), type inference includes the element names when the element names in the same ordinal position match in both tuples.
```

However, there's more:

[8.7](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/draft-v7/standard/types.md#87-the-dynamic-type) states that if both `dynamic` and `object` are candidates, type inference prefers `dynamic`. Can that sentence be deleted here? Or should it be a note?

[12.6.3.15](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/draft-v7/standard/expressions.md#126315-finding-the-best-common-type-of-a-set-of-expressions) relies on [12.6.3.7](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/draft-v7/standard/expressions.md#12637-output-type-inferences) (output type inference) and then [12.3.6.10](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/draft-v7/standard/expressions.md#126310-lower-bound-inferences) (lower bound inference) and finally [12.3.6.9](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/draft-v7/standard/expressions.md#12639-exact-inferences) (exact inferences) to find the best common type.  None of those mention tuple types.

Therefore, I think 12.3.6.9 should be edited to include a new nested bullet point as follows:

> - `V` is a tuple type and `U` is a tuple type of the same arity and an identity conversion exists between each corresponding element type. 

/cc @MadsTorgersen @jcouv
